Part1
A. The parameter representation of alpha and beta is critical in Alpha-Beta pruning, 
as they respectively represent the best known upper and lower bounds of the current search level.

When traversing possible successor states, it is checked whether the conditions for Alpha-Beta pruning 
are met. Specifically, if the current best value (alpha) in the Max layer is greater than or equal to beta, 
further searches will be stopped; similarly, if the current best value (beta) in the Min layer is less than 
or equal to alpha, further searches will also be stopped. .

Max layer (I_PLAY):
The code attempts to maximize the evaluated value. Whenever it finds a better estimate, it updates the alpha value.
When alpha >= beta, the current branch is no longer likely to produce a better result, so further searches are stopped and pruned.

Min layer (OPPONENT_PLAYS):
The code attempts to minimize the evaluated value. Whenever a smaller estimated value is found, it updates the beta value.
When beta <= alpha, the current branch is no longer likely to produce a worse result, so further search is stopped and pruned.


C. First, I will make a rough judgment and reply to the opponent's speech. When I recognize that the opponent's speech contains good, 
I will reply thank you, and when I recognize that the opponent's speech contains bad, I will issue a complaining modal particle.

When I judge that the value of evaluation is very high, that is, it exceeds the power of 10 (K + 1), I will judge that I must win at this time, 
and I will say Absolutely win!. Because the maximum value of each line under normal circumstances is generally 10 to the K-1 power, 
so reaching the (K + 1) power of 10 must be a win. When I am about to win, that is, when the evaluation exceeds 10 to the Kth power, 
I will say HHhhhhhhh! I believe I will win! to express the joy of winning at this time.
When I judge that the evaluation exceeds 10 to the (K - 2) power, it means that my state is approaching a winning state, so I would say 
This should be a good choice. When I judge that the evaluation only exceeds 10, it means that my state is not very good, so I will feel a little 
disappointed and say I think I'm a little lost...

When the evaluation is less than zero, it means that the advantage of the situation on the field is more biased towards the opponent. 
I will be a little nervous, so the remark will be What step did I take wrong?

If the evaluation is less than -10 to the K - 2 power, then I will know that I am completely at a disadvantage. I will marvel at the good move 
played by my opponent, and I will say Wow...You took a good step...
When faced with special situations such as lack of time or the evaluation failed to find the best position to play chess, I would panic and 
say OMG, no way to move :(


Part 2
I wish to enter the competition and I submitted the qualify files as qualify1 and qualify2.
My opponent agents are gr34KInARow and syamasKInARow. For the qualify2 competing with syamasKInARow, 
the game stopped because of bug from syamasKInARow.